what we got here is our booster pump
from Harbor Freight one horsepower well
/ booster pump that we installed Phil
and I installed it there's our water
meter came up
that's our shutoff valve here gate valve
goes across to its own shutoff valve
here for this unit
a brass spring-loaded check valve so the
water doesn't get pumped back into the
city
a union copper Union there threaded
fitting into the pump
that's the pump with a five gallon tank
on the engine on top get another fitting
coming out that's the discharge or the
out let another copper Union goes up
across and back in into a shutoff and
over here from this section here we got
another check valve so again not pumping
water into the city system and our last
piece there we've got a T&P valve off we
can see it here with the lights pretty
bright but got a TMP valve at a 100 psi
so we don't blow anything up that's our
install so works pretty good looks like
it's not on right now I guess but we're
at right about 30 pounds of pressure um
well I guess once that falls below like
28 30 pounds that thing should kick on
and boost it to like 40 or 50 so that's
it
you